There are windows there.
I'll send my guys there
to pick you up. Go now!
Okay. Hurry up.
I'm so scared.
I understand. Of course, you're scared.
We're heading there right now.
Hang in there.
We'll be right over.
Captain!
-Come over here!
-Yes, sir?
-Hurry!
-Understood?
-Understood, sir.
Is someone escaping through the basement?
Honey!
I love you!
Go back home. Now!
Go now!
What's gotten into him?
Honey! Stay safe, okay?
Why did he do that here?
That's embarrassing.
Stay safe.
You too.
Good luck.
Promise me…
you'll leave with me if I come back.
I guess I must come back
to hear your answer.
Han-na, listen carefully.
Dr. Kang Cheong-ya of Hankuk Central
Medical Center is a Northern spy.
What?
Secretary-General Nam Tae-il's doctor
is a Northern spy?
I'm sure they're more than that.
So you must find evidence of it.
We need it to stop him
from blowing up the dorm.
Okay.
But… God, Kang acted
so nonchalantly all this time.
And she will soon
get out of the dorm on the pretext of
intercepting the payment for the scheme.
Watch her every movement too.
You can't miss anything.
I'll watch them in bed together
if I have to, so don't worry.